W-14322169-rtfctl-audit-logs-kt (#1161)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/install-rtfctl.adoc

  hello-world-77f5897949-z54gb   Pending
----

== Auditing rtfctl Operations

> The `rtfctl` command line tool (from vX.X.X and above) audits the `rtfctl` operations on the cluster. Helping cluster administrators and you to track operations that impact Runtime Fabric core software.

Reviewer: It seems that a connector is missing.
The sentence may read:
"The `rtfctl` command line tool (from vX.X.X and above) audits the `rtfctl` operations on the cluster and it helps cluster administrators and you to track operations that impact Runtime Fabric core software."

> The `rtfctl` command line tool (from vX.X.X and above) audits the `rtfctl` operations on the cluster. Helping cluster administrators and you to track operations that impact Runtime Fabric core software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rtfctl` command line tool (from vX.X.X and above) audits the `rtfctl` operations on the cluster and it helps cluster administrators and you to track operations that impact Runtime Fabric core software.
```

Reviewer: Would it make sense to say "cluster administrators" and "you"? What if "you" is also a cluster administrator?

Reviewer 2: Yes, though its mainly aimed for cluster admins but any user can use it. So `you` makes better fir

> The `rtfctl` command line tool (from vX.X.X and above) audits the `rtfctl` operations on the cluster. Helping cluster administrators and you to track operations that impact Runtime Fabric core software.

Author: Also, we need to specify the version that you refer here from `vX.X.X`

Consider the following points:

* Audit logs are stored in a Kubernetes secret in the `rtfctl-audit` namespace.
* Audit logs are cluster scoped and not attached to Runtime Fabric core software lifecycle.

> * Command executions continue to function if the execution fails to audit the operation.

Reviewer 2: Command executions remain operational even if the auditing process fails to audit the operation

To audit the operations, run the following command:
----
$ sudo ./rtfctl audit-logs
<add a sample output>

> ----

Author: We need a full example:

- The command to run
- An example of running the command
- The output example that returns

Reviewer 2: command to run: 
`$ sudo ./rtfctl audit-logs`

output example that returns:
```
[{"timestamp":"2023-10-26 00:52:24.446 +0000 UTC","kubeContext":"test-k8scontext","command":["./rtfctl","restart","test-application","--app-namespace","8456f9c7-2149-4983-b02b-6b18ddd28efe","--namespace","rtf"]}]
```
